Fix typo (#38184)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/progressive_web_apps/tutorials/cycletracker/service_workers/index.md

];
```

> You don't need to include the various icons that are used by all the different operating systems and devices in the list. But do include any images that are used within the app, including assets to be used within any splash pages that may be visible if the app is slow, as the app loads, or used in any "you need to connect to the internet for the full experience" type pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to include the various icons that are used by all the different operating systems and devices in the list. But do include any images that are used within the app, including assets to be used within any splash pages that may be visible if the app is slow to load or used in any "you need to connect to the internet for the full experience" type pages.
```

  "/index.html",
  "/style.css",
  "/app.js",

>   "/cycletracker.json",

Author: Removing this for consistency (also I don't think it's needed).

Reviewer: Are you sure about it though? I think it's safest to keep it, since this PR is just for typo fixes

Author: Agreed. Change undone.
